README.md, before:

# Terminals Project
Windows remote desktop (RDP), VNC, VMRC, SSH, Telnet, RAS, ICA Citrix, HTTP and HTTPs based viewers. 
See [features list](/Docs/Features-and-Screen-shots.md)

# Downloads
* [Terminals Version 4.0.1](https://github.com/Terminals-Origin/Terminals/releases/tag/4.0.1)
* [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/terminals) 

# News
* **June 26, 2017** - New release version 4.0.1
* **May 17, 2017** - New record 40k downloads of version 4.0
* **April 5, 2017** - [Road map](/Docs/Road-map.md) for next features
* **April 2, 2017** - Version 4.0.0 release published  
New Options to disable protocol plugins
* **December 16,2016** - New Official [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/terminals)  
We are happy to announce that Chocolatey terminals package is now maintained by our team. 

# Donate
* Keep the project Alive!
* [![$25](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=X28G9FEYUN6CJ)

# Documentation
* **[User documentation](/Docs/User-documentation.md)**
* Installation
	* [System requirements](/Docs/System-Requirements.md)
	* [Upgrade to version 3.0](/Docs/Upgrade-to-version-3.0.md)
* [Features and Screen shots](/Docs/Features-and-Screen-shots.md)
* [Developer guide](/Docs/Developer-guide.md) (How to contribute)
* [Road map](/Docs/Road-map.md)
* [Powershell script to create import file](/Docs/Powershell-script-to-create-import-file.md)

# [License](LICENSE.md)

Commit message:

Extended project description in root readme.md

README.md, after:

# Terminals Project
Terminals is a secure, multi tab terminal services/remote desktop client. RDP, VNC, VMRC, SSH, Telnet, RAS, ICA Citrix, HTTP and HTTPs based protocols are integrated. It uses Terminal Services ActiveX Client (mstscax.dll). The project started from the need of controlling multiple connections simultaneously. It is a complete replacement for the mstsc.exe (Terminal Services) client. This is official source moved from Codeplex. See [features list](/Docs/Features-and-Screen-shots.md)

# Downloads
* [Terminals Version 4.0.1](https://github.com/Terminals-Origin/Terminals/releases/tag/4.0.1)
* [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/terminals) 

# News
* **June 26, 2017** - New release version 4.0.1
* **May 17, 2017** - New record 40k downloads of version 4.0
* **April 5, 2017** - [Road map](/Docs/Road-map.md) for next features
* **April 2, 2017** - Version 4.0.0 release published  
New Options to disable protocol plugins
* **December 16,2016** - New Official [Chocolatey package](https://chocolatey.org/packages/terminals)  
We are happy to announce that Chocolatey terminals package is now maintained by our team. 

# Donate
* Keep the project Alive!
* [![$25](https://img.shields.io/badge/Donate-PayPal-green.svg)](https://www.paypal.com/cgi-bin/webscr?cmd=_s-xclick&hosted_button_id=X28G9FEYUN6CJ)

# Documentation
* **[User documentation](/Docs/User-documentation.md)**
* Installation
	* [System requirements](/Docs/System-Requirements.md)
	* [Upgrade to version 3.0](/Docs/Upgrade-to-version-3.0.md)
* [Features and Screen shots](/Docs/Features-and-Screen-shots.md)
* [Developer guide](/Docs/Developer-guide.md) (How to contribute)
* [Road map](/Docs/Road-map.md)
* [Powershell script to create import file](/Docs/Powershell-script-to-create-import-file.md)

# [License](LICENSE.md)
